In the last lecture we enter the functionality so that we can remove list items.
That's nice but in a typical use case we probably also want to store an array of to use in javascript
so that we don't just change to a dorm and add and remove items but we also have an array of of all
our to use because probably want to do something with our to do isn't Javascript.
So I typically use case would have would be to have to use array in javascript which is empty initially.
And whenever we add a new to do here after we checked if the user entered something valid.
Well in this case I could create a new to do here give it any name you like of course and that could
be a javascript object where we have to value the user entered.
So user input here but maybe also some unique ID so that we have something to identify ID to do boy.
So we might have id property and now I will use Moff random and this is not truly a unique ID.
I am aware of this does its just a random number and the chances are high that it will differ from the
last one but it is not necessarily unique.
It will do for now though.
So that is our new to do.
We can now push this new to do on our list of our off to use on our array of to use the issue we now
have is if we remove it to do it's easy to remove the element a list item.
But how do we find out which ID does list item head.
We don't store this information in the dorm but the dorm is the only thing we access here.
We just get the element we want to remove.
So we need to store the ID in the dorm here too.
One possible way.
So what I can do is before appending this to do list item I will reach out to it and use the data that
property to use this data attribute we can fill.
We can populate with our own data with our own custom attributes so to say.
And then there I want to store Id set my ID data property or attribute I should say and set it equal
to new to do IDs or to do the ID we generated here.
Now this gets stored in the dorm and I can show you this if we reload this and say Boy milk and then
select discrete element.
It does have this data id attribute here now.
Now we can use that.
You're in the Remove to do code before we actually remove it to get the item id by accessing the clicked
Elyot and then dataset ID.
So just where we store that here.
Now with that Id fetched we can now loop through all the to do is an hour to do the array.
So let's start at the first element with index 0.
Let's loop as long as we are well within the scope within the length of this to do is array and let's
increment I offer each iteration and then we can simply check if two Doo's i.e. ID.
Keep in mind the elements in to do this are just elements of this type your objects of this type.
So we will have the ID property if the ID is equal to the item ID.
If this is the case then I want to call splice on to do is to basically remove the element and I don't
want to splice start splicing at the position I splice one element.
And thereafter I will call break to X exit out of my loop here.
So now to see if that works let's console lawk are to do is aere at the end of add two and a D and all
removed to do here.
And if we now add control enter and I'll pop the console to see if we got any errors if I add by Malke
and answer questions here.
We seem to be adding objects to that array that looks good for now.
Click on bimetallic only one object left and that is actually answer questions.
And now the array is empty.
So dad is working and that's the finished javascript code for now that's the finished application with
a lot of code already.
So let's analyze this and find out how we could improve it.